makes minor revs to ops setup + adds ssh install (#187)
codefellows/setup-guide: ops-setup/4-virtualbox.md

sudo apt install virtualbox-ext-pack -y
```

> > N.B. Installing the extension pack will launch a special installer box within the Terminal which will require you to confirm your choice. If you can't use your arrows to navigate this box, try using \<Tab\> to change your selection and \<Space\> to mark or un-mark a selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Installing the extension pack will launch a special installer box within the Terminal, which will require you to confirm your choice. If you can't use your arrows to navigate this box, try using \<Tab\> to change your selection and \<Space\> to mark or un-mark a selection.
```
